

The first question is to give a class with a method that calculates the highest and lowest
difference in the stock.

1. remove node in linked list. Find bugs
I found that the list will only report an error when there is only one node.
There is prev, current assignment order is wrong

2. similar to sort color, eac


22231:
Initially 3 2 read 32
After 1 3 reads 13
1 1 read 11
Result = 321311

2. Give a coordinate point a reference, and give a group of coordinate points to find the K points
closest to the reference point. Ask to write time complexity.
3. Flip a matrix, flipped from the upper left to the lower right diagonal. Ask to write time
complexity.
a binary tree, find the two identical child nodes inside?

 probably passing an unsigned x, and then the function of the function implementation is descending.
I forgot the specifics but I remember seeing them in a certain face.
Single Number is exactly the same as the Single Number of leetcode. It is good to change to String
to find Character.
. Friend Circle's correction question
Count and

debug problem probably mystery function to determine what is doing is actually looking for a b is
not direct / indirect friend to give dfs bug is no visi

1. deep copy node,
2. MusicA


https://instant.1point3acres.com/tag/microsoft

1) delete N-1th from a single linkedlist
2) check if Binary tree is a Binary Search Tree
3) Implement Queue methods using LinkedList;
Enqueue, dequeue and a constructor


1) Q:what does the mystery function do? what are some possible bugs? How woiuld you fix them?
A: The function checks to see if a friend is in your list of friends, if not, in your friends list
of friends, and so on. One bug was circular paths in the graph that is created from all the friends.
I said the function should keep track of which friends have been visited.

2) Q: You are given an array of N ints containing 1 - N + 1 numbers. Find the missing number.
A: I said to keep a boolean array that is set to true for every number in the list. Then find the
one that is false.

3) Q: you are given the root node of a binary search tree and an int target. find the next largest
number in the tree.
A: I said to do an in-order traversal of the tree until the target is found, we can then return the
next node visited



1. The java script version of the sale and purchase of the code
Ask these codes are dry
The bug is 啥, how to improve
Give test case
How to return max profit if given a new price

2. Medicine for a long time

3. Give two time points (hours, minutes and seconds), t1 in front of t2, and let the code output
output a few hours and minutes. For example, 23:59:59 0:0:0 output 0:0:1; 1:0:0 2:0:0 output 1:0:0
Restriction cannot use if statement


100 million wines. For two times t1, t2 are represented by the integer variables of h, m, s

1.debug problem, there is a Function dedicated build synonyms table, in fact, is a 2d int array,
then ask you time space complexity, and finally ask you how scalable. 2. The original problem
of 100 million wines. For two times t1, t2 are represented by the integer variables of h, m, s,
respectively...


1. divide operation implementation, can only use addition and subtraction, this question is long
2. debug, is the face of the problem, there is a count-- before the lock, but I am not prepared,
because too Long time 3. bst find the target value, if not, it will return to the target one lost,


Give a binary tree a nominal expression and ask for print out postfix notation (post order
traversal?)3. Give a paragraph of pseudo code: content: insert number to two queues, one is odd
number queue, one is even number queue, there is a global variable of total count, code is very
simple if you take a number, if it is a singular addition Odd queue double number added to even...



1.Introduce myself

2.why software engineer?

3.Why Microsoft?

4.What's is the most technically difficult project?

5.What challenges did you have in your xxx project?

Why programing language?

Algorithm:

Takeaway：

difficulty：

6.What about conflicts?

7.What's your favorite Microsoft product?

8.How do you want to improve it?

9.Explain recursion to a five-year-old kid

10.How do you learn new technologies
